[Benchmarks] Set benchmark app to use new architecture by default (#997)
DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative: benchmarks/README.md

2. From the iOS folder, run `pod install`.
3. From the root folder, run `yarn ios` or `yarn android`.

## Enable old architecture

> The Benchmark app is set to use the new architecture by default, so if you want to test it on old architecture you'll need to change the following:

Reviewer: Small suggestion to include more of the "why" for readers.
```suggestion
The Benchmark app uses React Native's New Architecture by default. However, you may need to switch to the Old Architecture to compare performance between the two systems or reproduce bugs that are specific to legacy environments.
```

Author: Thanks!

Changes at [889effd](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-sdk-reactnative/pull/997/commits/889effdb0e90acf222a3cad4137cae8b40ca74a2)
